[DOC-3386] Add docs for rotating a CMEK key (#14453)
cockroachdb/docs: cockroachcloud/cmek.md

- **Enforcement of encryption requirements**: With CMEK, you have control the CMEK key's encryption strength. The CMEK key's size is determined by what your KMS provider supports.

    You can use your KMS platform's controls to configure the regions where the CMEK key is available, enable automatic rotation schedules for CMEK keys, and view audit logs that show each time the CMEK key is used by {{ site.data.products.db }}. {{ site.data.products.db }} does not need any visibility into these details.

> - **Infrastructure flexibility**: If your CMEK keys are stored in multiple KMS systems or tenants, you can use Hashicorp Vault Key Management Secrets Engine to give your cluster access to your CMEK keys, as long as the cluster and keys are stored in the same deployment environment (GCP or AWS).

Author: No, I don't see a duplicate line, but Abhinav also reported this. Are you seeing this in Reviewable? I only see this content on line 43 of this file.

> - **Infrastructure flexibility**: If your CMEK keys are stored in multiple KMS systems or tenants, you can use Hashicorp Vault Key Management Secrets Engine to give your cluster access to your CMEK keys, as long as the cluster and keys are stored in the same deployment environment (GCP or AWS).

Reviewer: Hm, no, in github. It's gone now 😕

## How CMEK works

> When you create a {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} cluster, its data at rest on cluster disks is not encrypted by default. However, the disks themselves are automatically encrypted by cryptographic keys owned and managed by the cloud providers themselves.

Reviewer 2: Sorry maybe it's how it shows up on my diff, but is this para not duplicated? Please ignore if it's not.

Author: Sorry, I don't see duplication in the diff or in the file. Am I missing something?

If the CMEK key is destroyed, the cluster's data can't be recovered or restored from a managed backup in {{ site.data.products.db }} or from a manual backup to the same cluster. It may be possible to restore a manual backup to a new cluster. 
{{site.data.alerts.end}}

## Rotation of a CMEK key

> A CMEK key can be rotated within your KMS platform or within {{ site.data.products.dedicated }}.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can rotate a CMEK key within your KMS platform or within {{ site.data.products.dedicated }}.
```

> - When you rotate a CMEK key within your KMS platform, a new version of the key is created with new key material. In both GCP KMS and AWS KMS, encryption operations automatically uses the active key version, while decryption operations automatically use the key version that was used to encrypt the data. For this reason, {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} does not need any awareness of rotation operations within your KMS platform.

Reviewer 3: Same comments/suggestions on these 3 paragraphs as in `cmek-faq.md`. But also, is it worth using an include for this section?

Author: Great idea. Incorporated all of the above suggestions except the GCP and AWS URLs (the URIs could change and I don't like to maintain deep links into third-party docs) into the include.

- CMEK can be enabled only on clusters created after April 1, 2022 (AWS) or June 9, 2022 (GCP).
- To enable or revoke CMEK on a cluster, you must use the [Cloud API](/docs/cockroachcloud/cloud-api.html). It's not possible to enable CMEK using the {{ site.data.products.db }} Console.

> - If you add a new region to a cluster with CMEK enabled, the new region will not be automatically protected by the CMEK key.

Reviewer 3: What steps would one take to then apply CMEK to that region? Can we link out to those steps?
